doc: Document release process (#19)
algolia/frontman: .github/_release.md

>  # Frontman release process

Reviewer: I'd rename the file `RELEASE.md` for consistency with the other files.

Author: Done ✅

 
 ## Setup
 

>  > You only have to do this setup once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > You only have to do this once.
```

 
 * Make sure you have an account on [RubyGems][rubygems].

>  * Run the `gem signin` command from your CLI, and log in with your RubyGems credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Run the `gem signin` command from your CLI and log in with your RubyGems credentials.
```

>  * Make sure that you're an administrator on the Frontman gem. You can ask an existing administrator for access if you're in a position to do releases for Frontman.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Make sure you're an administrator on the [Frontman][frontman] gem. You can ask an existing administrator for access if you're in a position to release Frontman.
```

 
 ## Release 
 * First, make sure all the tests on `master` are green.
 * Switch to the `master` branch: `git checkout master`.
 * Make sure you branch is up-to-date: `git fetch && git pull`.

>  * Make sure your repository is clean: `git reset --hard`.

Reviewer: `git reset --hard` leaves untracked files.

```suggestion
 * Make sure your repository is clean: `git reset --hard && git clean -dfx`.
```

>  * Check the changes the new version introduces by visiting https://github.com/algolia/frontman/compare/{latest_version}...master , where you have to replace `{latest version}` with the latest tag. You can use `git tag --list` to check for the latest release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Check the changes the new version introduces by visiting `github.com/algolia/frontman/compare/{latest_version}...master`, replacing `{latest version}` with the latest tag. You can run `git tag --list` to check for the latest release.
```

>  * Determine the new version number that you should release, and make sure there are no breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Determine the [new version number][semver] that you should release, and make sure there are no breaking changes.
```

 * Bump the version in `lib/frontman/version.rb`.
 * Update the [`CHANGELOG.md`][changelog] file with the changes that this new version introduces.

>  * Commit your changes: `git commit -a -m "chore: bumps version to vX.X.X"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Commit your changes: `git commit -a -m "chore: bumps version to vX.Y.Z"`.
```

>  * Create a tag for the new version: `git tag X.X.X`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Create a tag for the new version: `git tag X.Y.Z`.
```

 * Push your changes and the new tag: `git push && git push --tags`.
 * Build the Frontman gem: `gem build frontman-ssg.gemspec`.

>  * Push the newly built gem to [RubyGems][rubygems]: `gem push frontman-ssg-X.X.X.gem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Push the newly built gem to [RubyGems][rubygems]: `gem push frontman-ssg-X.Y.Z.gem`.
```

>  * Delete the locally built gem: `rm frontman-ssg-X.X.X.gem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Delete the locally built gem: `rm frontman-ssg-X.Y.Z.gem`.
```

>  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 
 [changelog]: ../CHANGELOG.md

>  [rubygems]: https://www.rubygems.org/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[frontman]: https://rubygems.org/gems/frontman-ssg
[rubygems]: https://www.rubygems.org/
[semver]: https://semver.org/
```
